all right hey as it's gonna be my Victor
soloq update part 1 starting up with
scar nurse garnishment move down or move
rather moved up it's finished we moved a
little bit higher um most because of his
jungle cat I'm is so quick and those
Altman always feels like it's up it's so
strong you can do tons with it and gank
with it you can either team fights
that's awesome and mostly because he's
being you know picked and bands so much
in silicate he's always late I don't
know I don't know how it is it lower you
lows but you know it seems like 1600 you
go plus I even for all my other buddies
are lower you Lily always like oh my god
skarner so good he's always pick oh my
god I went everything my pics car and
it's truth he's incredibly strong he's
cuddly tank he did so much damage with
you know just you can go pure tank items
and just do tons of damage with them so
that's why I moved him up shaker I feel
the same thing he's always picked him
band and I had him a little bit too low
I mean they ship the you know almost
picked a man champions in soloqueue that
are really shining should always be at
the front and that's kind of where it
filled with shaker lands garner shake
owes always pick a man as well he's you
know incredibly strong gangs you know so
it's hard to kill there's lots of
survivability lots of sustainability and
all that stuff you know he just with the
items wriggles prox he can clear dragons
and barons probably fast too it's just
he's just overall great re i should be
moved up to here one as well even though
she takes a lot of skill of play a
filigree my player if i do doing
everything right minding my skill shots
they'll even though that can be said for
a lot of champions she really feels like
you can carry a game with her and that's
what i like um she's really good in
lanes her team fighting is really great
she's gets stronger slingo the game goes
on and and that's really what makes you
know a really good silica champion it's
just you know all around do you know
early mid and late game is all really
good lots of power and you know she she
really scales from early game too late
game fantastic so that's why I'm moving
are up I'm sorry even even though she
played this ap meal carry or even a
support her heels are just incredibly
strong like she just does so much with
her heels and people get baited all the
time in subacute I mean if you have
summer he'll the ultimate and W up at
all the same time
burst of like you know 1,100 1,200 Plus
he'll like that's amazing people get
paid by that all the time I mean you can
bait summerhill for people anyways and
they you know dive you and they're like
oh my god he'll beat it and he'll
baiting is something like a popular
thing to do in cirrhotic and it had so
much you've struck me do that cause a
map with our ultimate that's what makes
a really strong as you can you can help
people heal bait across the map and you
know when those dives happen people make
mistakes they get angry frustrated in
solo queue and then that that can all
say snowball you to win and that's
that's one of the things why she's so
good and then as i said before she plays
AP middle carry middle AP mid carry
middle yeah that's good one she can do
tons of damage he runs up and Q's you
qqqqqq cutie and ii flash igniter
smelling that and you can die like
there's one player sigh sigh x17 I think
he might have changed tonight on a sure
I'm have just be so I might be sexing
team anyways this guy has like he's like
I think he's like 2200 yo plays just
plays solo mid Soraka and he's crashes
people because the rock is that good in
solo queue and he prettily proved it
like you playing a middle doesn't matter
you can win you know ninety percent of
your lanes just done you can heal you
can help heal you can o sustain you
could have damage just with her you know
her basic kit so that's why I'm actually
moving her up cho'gath move down to tier
two um let's don't feel he's he's still
really good in silicate still really
strong so you know great linker like
laying control like everything you know
it sustained call it you know good stuff
usually tanky but I just don't feel he's
too that I'm like that I says somebody's
not good it's just that there's
champions that I think there's more
suited for solo queue that are you know
make him are more tier one worthy than
he is and that's that's really where I'm
going with that vlada bad move action
would go to two as well if you can do a
lot of thought and solo queue
survivability is really high he still
really good at laning he's still
condition tons of damage and he still
got you know that that troll pool that
can really bait people on all that good
stuff too I really like that on Vlad I
really like doing that kind of stuff
with him
you know even though I lose a lot of
thing I said my last kiss up to you know
it was a lot with him i still feel he's
very powerful and you can do you know
you can really do a lot with laughing
and that's what I like with him may I
moved to tier 2 general ganks are great
to build a clear jungle as well so very
quick and he provides great great
utility to his team and I know granted
I'm just reading exactly what I said
right here but it's true i mean all
those things are true about me okay and
you know as a tank with tons of CC the
tank they can do tons of damage as well
and you know his early game ganks are
very strong those are all great
contributing factors to making it a you
know a nice viable champion for solo q
and as a jungler I think he's really
strong and no no I don't think he's as
appreciated by the community as he
should be Fiddlesticks move down to tier
3 feels too high due to the current
changes with his jungle I stuff to play
a more than one she can start playing
fiddle sticks again because I really
need to get better feel from the kind of
beginning you know outsiders view from
like stone wall and stuff like that like
always trash now and stuff like up like
you know his kids still really great 14
fighting and I'm gonna have to check him
out again but currently I do kind of
feel he's a little bit weak within our
champs so I had moving down to two or
three mordekaiser has actually moved up
oh my god guys are more you know those
little changes he got in a couple
patches ago have actually helped them
out his laning got a little bit better
and all that kind of stuff and he can
really farm like incredibly well you can
you know you clear your way then you go
clear ways cramps on either side on the
enemy jungle and your jungle you can get
so much CS you get so farm so quick and
it is not a lot people can do to stop
more guys for any oh crap give to get
you get your right lane to you know
match up with more kaisers here you know
gonna have a good laning phase you don't
get contaminated but you know that being
said not a lot of champs absolutely
dominate more Kaiser so you know there
are a lot of champions you you can just
you know crush with mordekaiser in lane
and then you can snowball the victory
that way so yeah and you just farm so
well you can get a lot of dps going and
not be discovered on your lane matchups
and you don't know
you know when to steal rate times when
not to but when more Kaiser can be
played well by person and I more Kaiser
player he's definitely viable and so
lucky I'd say Leo no I moved up into
tier 4 i spelled to a fire was a little
loafer I still got to keep looking at
her and to see how well she does the
support and stuff like that but yeah
let's give me my soul cutie let's update
oh wait Victor will be placed next week
but right now I'd say Victor it's going
to be like a low tier 3 high tier 4
champion I know it's really hard to use
you got a big learning curve and I think
people are still feeling about I'm still
feeling him out but that's that's why
I'd say that he'd be right now like low
tier 3 high tier 4 and yeah so that is
actually my little cutie let's update
hope you guys enjoyed it remember to
check out our og that's a gimme net for
all your great blogging league legends
news and some other games too and I'll
see you guys later